# Meeting Notes

## Oct 3, 2023
* **Recorded by:** Gurleen   
* **Notes submiited on:** Oct 3, 2023  
* **SCRUM master:** Saurav
* **Venue:** Discord 
* **Source:** assignment1.md  
* **Time:** 8:30 - 8:50 PM  
* **Attendance:** Gurleen, Baasil, Saurav, Rishi, Cameron

### Agenda for the meeting
* Updating code strategies
* Discuss Assignment 1
* Divide tasks for the Team Project

### 5 modules divided among team members
* **Saurav**- User Info
* **Cameron**- HTML construction
* **Baasil**- Object mapping, Data storing
* **Gurleen**- Server
* **Rishi**- App logic

### Other Important discussions
* **Deadline**- Module- 15th Oct
* **Deadline**- Unit test- 17th Oct
* Extra 3 days to check compatibility 
* Next meeting on 4th Oct at 6:30 PM
* Branch Naming Convention: {firstname}


## Oct 4, 2023
* **Recorded by:** Saurav
* **Notes submiited on:** Oct 4, 2023  
* **SCRUM master:** Gurleen 
* **Venue:** Discord 
* **Source:** assignment1.md  
* **Time:** 6:30 PM - 7:00 PM  
* **Attendance:** Gurleen, Baasil, Saurav, Rishi, Cameron

### Agenda for the meeting
* Discuss Assignment 1
* Discussed further about the delegated tasks

### Baasil
* Planing on using Shelve for data storing

### Gurleen
* Using app=bottle()
* Using Bottle for the Server

### Saurav
* Session management
* Security
* Object oriented
* Log in info, authentication

### Next meeting is on Oct 8th Sunday at 9:30 PM

## Oct 8, 2023
* **Recorded by:** Baasil 
* **Notes submiited on:** Oct 8, 2023  
* **SCRUM master:** Rishi
* **Venue:** Discord 
* **Source:** assignment1.md  
* **Time:** 9:30 - 10:00 PM  
* **Attendance:** Gurleen, Baasil, Saurav, Rishi, Cameron

### Agenda for this meeting
* Set release cycle 1 schedule for final pull-requests
* Draft the software process for the project, review the progress on defining service and module interfaces.


### Overview
* Fetch data from database -> Server route -> HTML -> Shows on template

### Cameron and Gurleen 
* Show 2 pages - Login Page/Sign up page, And User home(First page user gets sent to)

### Saurav 
* User Authentication
* 3 routes for - 
  * Login
  * Sign up
  * Home page

### Baasil
* SQL Database 
* User ID, Password, User Name

Next meeting on Friday 13th Oct at 8:30 PM

## Oct 13, 2023
* **Recorded by:** Rishi
* **Notes submiited on:** Oct 3, 2023  
* **SCRUM master:** Baasil
* **Venue:** Discord 
* **Source:** assignment1.md  
* **Time:** 8:30 - 9:00 PM  
* **Attendance:** Gurleen, Baasil, Saurav, Rishi, Absent (Cameron)

### Agenda for the meeting 
* Discuss user stories timeline and placement in the repo


### Saurav
* Sign in Page
* Session management - Peaker library

### Baasil
* Will upload database file
* Basic methods - add, remove, delete
* Add arguments - User ID, Password, User name
* New table, Messages (Date and time)
* Foreign Key - new database
* Limit of entries

### Rishi
* Show some forums
* Home page with submit box
* Back-end code

### Gurleen
* Making the signin page and login for the server


* Monday is the deadline for submission
* 2 days for the test, Passing test
* Make seperate files

Next Meeting on Monday 8:00 PM

## Oct 16, 2023
* **Recorded by:** Gurleen
* **Notes submiited on:** Oct 3, 2023  
* **SCRUM master:** Cameron
* **Venue:** Discord 
* **Source:** assignment1.md  
* **Time:** 8:00 - 8:33 PM  
* **Attendance:** Gurleen, Baasil, Saurav, Rishi, Cameron

### Agenda for the meeting 
* Discussing performance reviews
* Discuss progress on sprint 1 deliverables and code implementation status.

### Important points
* Discussed Evaluation
* 19th performance and code reviews
* User stories added to board backlog
* Performance review discussed
* 18th Unit test and code should be working
* Next meeting on will be on Wednesday 18th Oct at 8:00 PM

## Oct 18, 2023
* **Recorded by:** Cameron
* **Notes submiited on:** Oct 3, 2023  
* **SCRUM master:** Gurleen
* **Venue:** Discord 
* **Source:** assignment1.md  
* **Time:** 8:30 - 9:30 PM  
* **Attendance:** Gurleen, Baasil, Saurav, Rishi, Cameron

### Agenda for the meeting 
* Merging the code in the main branch

### Baasil
* Can call functions directly

### Gurleen
* Import function from user_logic file
* signup and do login in the server code
* comment out the other code
* login, logout, signup, index

# Sprint 2

## Oct 30, 2023
* **Recorded by:** Rishi
* **Notes submiited on:** Oct 30, 2023  
* **SCRUM master:** Saurav
* **Venue:** Discord 
* **Source:** assignment2.md  
* **Time:** 9:00 - 9:30 PM  
* **Attendance:** Gurleen, Baasil, Saurav, Rishi, Cameron

### Agenda for the meeting 
*  Issuing tasks for everyone


### Important Points
* implementing a rating/review function for users
* a feature for automatic aggregation of rating reviews and/or a qualitative/quantitative analysis 

### Baasil
* Partial searching for users and messages

### Gurleen
* Need to make a post and search request to call the appropriate function

### Saurav
* Do additional two features from user stories, possibly likes and dislikes

### Rishi
* need to make another method for search, a method that calls fetched data from database and updates it, function to aggregate everything, take the array and average it and post it

Next Meeting 6pm Oct 31st

## Oct 31, 2023
* **Recorded by:** Rishi
* **Notes submiited on:** Oct 31, 2023  
* **SCRUM master:** Baasil
* **Venue:** Discord 
* **Source:** assignment2.md  
* **Time:** 6:00 - 6:30 PM  
* **Attendance:** Gurleen, Baasil, Rishi

### Agenda for the meeting 
*  Issuing tasks for everyone, checking up on tasks and progress completed


### Important Points
* implementing a rating/review function for users, making all code modular and easi;y readable

### Baasil
* started working on his part of the code

### Gurleen
* working on making post requests

### Rishi
* working on making search method and aggregate everything function

## Nov 2nd,2023
* Scrum master: Cameron
* Recorded by: Baasil 
* Notes submitted on: Nov 2nd
* Venue: Discord
* Time: 8:30 to 9:00 PM
* Attendence: Gurleen, Baasil, Cameron, Saurav, Rishi

Agenda for the meeting
* Discuss feedback on sprint 1 

Discuss and agree on a method to do code reviews

Discuss methods to better utilize the kanban board

Discuss a better method to do performance reviews

Assign Tasks for members for sprint 2

Tasks assigned

* Saurav : fixing login authentication
* Cameron: Doing the search feature (search bar, buttons etc.)
* Rishi: aggregating data and passing ratings data to be stored into the database
* Gurleen: Implementing the post and get request for the searching and the ratings.
* Baasil: Building the search function and a method to pass ratings data.

## Nov 4th, 2023
* Recorded by: Cameron
* Notes submiited on: Nov 4th,2023
* SCRUM master: Saurav
* Venue: Discord
* Time: 8:00 - 8:15 PM
* Attendance: Gurleen, Baasil, Saurav, Cameron
* Absent: Rishi

Agenda for the meeting
* Discuss code reviews, what to do next
* Discuss responsibilities and code to be implemented next
* Getting Code Updates

No code was pushed by Rishi; so app logic will be completed by Saurav

## Nov 5th, 2023
* Recorded by: Saurav
* Notes submiited on: Nov 5th,2023
* SCRUM master: Gurleen
* Venue: Discord
* Time: 8:00 - 8:15 PM
* Attendance: Gurleen, Baasil, Saurav, Cameron
* Absent: Rishi

Agenda
* Code reviews, status update 

Notes
* All the present members will do a code review and leave any appropriate comments in the pull request
* Saurav was assigned for Pull request approvals
* Code reviews can be found in pull request #24, #25, #26 and #29
* Code Reviews Done

## Nov 7th, 2023
* Recorded by: Gurleen
* Date: Nov 10th, 2023
* Venue: Discord
* Scrum master: Rishi
* Time: 9:00 PM - 9:30 PM
* Attendance: Saurav, Baasil, Gurleen, Cameron, Rishi

Agenda for the meeting: 
* Refactoring post design, Discussing Future implementation

Restructuring the post

* How should the post look like
* Topic goes on top
* Donâ€™t need to call search method again and again
* Implementing the box
* Make separate HTML File 
	* Return css and html.format
	* Format string and passed on to placeholders outside of the home page
* Idea- display on the same page
* App logic
	* Making a new method that will give the string of HTML to format in the HTML code.

* Database 
  * Change search parameter to topic instead of message

## Nov 10th, 2023
* Recorded by: Cameron
* Notes submiited on: Nov 4th,2023
* SCRUM master: Saurav
* Venue: Discord
* Time: 8:00 - 8:15 PM
* Attendance: Gurleen, Baasil, Saurav, Cameron, Rishi

Agenda for the meeting
* Discuss code reviews
* Finalize all the pull requests and merge to the master branch
* Discuss UML file for the project

#Notes
* All the code reviews were discussed
* README file was updated
* All meeting notes were merged to the main branch
* Performance reviews and unittests were implemented

* To avoid frequent pull requests we decided to submit all the meeting notes at once
* We weren't clear about updating new features as issues in the kanban board before we decided our process, so we uploaded the cards for sprint 2. 
* From sprint 3 we will make the change to adding everything as issues.


